welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelorette epic two-part finale strap
yourselves in cuz it's time for a wild
ride we start off with the rose ceremony
following fantasy suite week Peter Tyler
and Jed are still in the running it's a
tough decision Hannah likes all of them
but the guy she sends home is Peter no
he was one of my favorites a nice cool
guy and of course sex in Owen mill and
in the live sit downs Hannah reveals a
secret
it wasn't twice in the windmill it was
four times anyway it's time for the
final two to meet Hannah's family and
they love Tyler he's super hot and just
you know comes across as a real genuine
nice guy and is excited for them to meet
Jed her favorite because he's a cool
rock star but they're really not
impressed they're like this guy comes
across a little weird
before hannah has to make her final
decision she gets to go on one more date
each she takes Tyler horseback riding
since they failed so miserably at it
back in Europe this time they do a lot
better and you know just have a really
beautiful time together she and Jed go
sailing and it looks beautiful but the
waves are actually really choppy um it's
kind of an awful time and now it's the
moment of truth Hannah's got a real
tough decision to make she loves both
these guys she sees Tyler first and he
jumps right into his pre-proposal speech
but Hannah cuts him off she's gonna pick
Jed hoof poor Tyler it's so awkward he's
ready to put himself out there and
propose for real so it's time for Jed
he's been the front-runner for a long
time and it just really likes him he
gives his own proposal speech which of
course includes a guitar and he gets
down on a knee and asked Ana to marry
him and she says yes true hub conquers
all and these two live happily ever
after oh wait a second there's an hour
left in the episode unfortunately that's
not where this journey ends
they were blissfully engaged for two
months until Hanna found out that Jed
had a girlfriend if you've been keeping
up with Bachelorette rumors you read
this same article a few weeks back
apparently it was news to Hanna -
according to this girl she and Jed did
not break up before he went on The
Bachelorette he was like hey I'm just
gonna go get some publicity and you know
I'll come right back to you baby
unfortunately for him he ended
winning jed tries to downplay explaining
that they weren't officially dating
there was not a label on it and I never
was like this is my girlfriend she met
my parents
throwing a surprise birthday party
vacation to the Bahamas I told her that
I loved her
yeah but hate to break it to you you had
a girlfriend so the big question is will
Hannah forgive him or is the engagement
over and it comes out live to confirm
that she and Jed are dunzo so it seems
like this season of The Bachelorette
ends in heartbreak but then they bring
out Tyler to a standing ovation the near
bow of bachelor nation if it were me in
his shoes I'd probably be gloating a
little saying you should have picked me
but I'm a terrible person
Tyler is just super sweet and supportive
like he's always been the audience
really wants these two to get together
and Hannah's open to it she's like hey
what if we just go on a real date as
normal people Tyler says yes oh so it's
a happy ending if you care you can
follow these two on social media I'm
sure this has been my first ever time
watching a bachelor show and hey you
know there were a lot of fun times a lot
of crazy times I hope you guys have
enjoyed these recaps bachelor in
paradise starts next week featuring my
boy John Paul Jones I will probably not
be recapping it because I have you know
better things to do but I might still be
watching it too just for actual fun
until next time men have recaps out
[Music]